Another Mary, you're the one
I'm your baby, every mother's son
And alone in the dark, in the heart of my heart
I can still feel your arms around me
Through the mud and the pain and the blistering rain
Of the shell-shattered shock that surrounds me
All the love in your eyes when we said our goodbyes
Like a king you sceptered and crowned me
And I'm holding on tight like an infant to see you again
La la la la...
Yes, I'm holding on tight like an infant to see you again
Sister Stacey
I'm the man
Try and stop me
Gotta do what I can
I'm an anti-grim reaper gun talking peacekeeper
A hero with stripes on my shoulders
A travel war man with the world at command
And the tales to tell when I'm older
And the work that we do when it's all done for you
And without us your world would be colder
And I'm holding on tight like a brother to see you again
La la la la la la la la la la la la
I'm holding on tight like a brother to see you again
Darling, you're the one
I keep my babies safe and warm
Don't know when I'll be home, now I'm roaming alone
In a world of tomorrow and maybe
And I miss you each day, and I need you to say
You're my safe haven, goddess and lady
Cause I pray every night, what I'm doing is right
I can keep the world safe as a baby
And I'm holding on tight like a lover
To see you again
Oh, I'm holding on tight like a lover
I'm holding on tight like a brother
To see you again
Oh, I'm holding on tight like an infant